🌿 Prayas TV Launcher
Prayas TV Launcher is a lightweight, high-performance media launcher for Windows, designed for a "console-like" TV experience. Built with a C# WinForms backend and a modern WebView2 (Chromium) frontend, it combines premium aesthetics with surgical performance optimizations for legacy hardware.

LicensePlatformHardware

✨ Key Features
🎨 Premium Design Aesthetics
Dual Dynamic Themes: Switch between the cozy "Chill Nature" Light Mode and the atmospheric Midnight Dark Mode.
Glassmorphic UI: Beautiful semi-transparent layers with custom gradients and warm, organic tones.
Xbox-Style Profile System: Integrated avatar chip, gamertag support, and custom user initials badge.
⚡ Surgically Optimized Performance
Zero-Impact Idle: GPU utilization drops to 0%–1% when idle, courtesy of the removal of constant-render loops.
Shadow Proxying: Advanced CSS technique that uses compositor-only opacity animations instead of expensive real-time shadow calculations.
Layout Isolation: Uses CSS containment strategy to prevent UI updates (like the clock) from triggering full-page layout shifts.
Legacy Friendly: Specifically optimized to run at 60 FPS even on older hardware like Intel Core 2 Duo with integrated graphics.
🛠️ Built-in Functionality
Universal Wallpaper Shuffler: Automatically cycles through custom wallpapers; includes an optimized C# backend for image compression.
System Resource Monitor: High-performance real-time monitoring of CPU, RAM, and GPU utilization via a native bridge.
App Management: Easily add local .exe files or web URLs. Recently opened apps are tracked and pinned for quick access.
Clean Boot Mode: Designed to be used as a Windows Shell replacement for a pure TV-box experience.
💻 System Requirements
Component	Minimum	Recommended
OS	Windows 10 LTSC / 11	Windows 10 LTSC / 11
CPU	Dual-Core (e.g. Core 2 Duo)	Quad-Core (Core i3/i5 10th Gen+)
RAM	4 GB	8 GB
GPU	DirectX 11 Capable (Intel G41+)	Dedicated GPU or Iris Xe
Storage	HDD (Usable)	SSD (Highly Recommended)
🚀 Getting Started
Clone the Repository:
bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/prayas-tv-launcher.git
Build the Solution:
Open the .sln file in Visual Studio 2022.
Restore NuGet packages (Microsoft.Web.WebView2).
Build as Release (x64).
Configure Assets:
Place your wallpapers in the /assets directory.
Run tvkkv4.1.exe.
🤝 Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to fork the repo and submit a PR.

📜 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Created with ❤️ for the retro-modding and home-theater community.

